welcome to PokerStars dot next on FC
soccer on as sports that it is Chicago
and in Toronto a big matchup by here in
the middle of the Canadian National
Exhibition as Toronto FC returns home
fit field of soryo Bradley Colin water
Dominic Otero continues its consistency
while CEO Berthold partners up top
tonight which remained to full and on
the back line at tea America Valley
didn't score on 11 MLS games here for
Toronto FC but he's got 11 or 6 goals
this year for the Chicago Fire he's very
quick throttle with 3 wins and all three
of those wins have come here at BMO
Field we'll see if point down the left
side now Jonathan Osorio the nice ball
underneath Palmer here's tomorrow of the
lovely crossing
tries the clear and it's in the back of
the net behind Shawn Johnson in just the
third minute and Toronto FC have a one
to nothing lead
well we haven't even gotten to the keys
a game yet but one of them was to get
players for it especially from the
full-back position trying to outnumber
down the wing look at the ball from
asorio that gives Morel the opportunity
to play it in goes off the Chicago
Defender and into the goal and a
fantastic start for Toronto FC Morel
give it too much time there on the quick
powder and Bakari Sumari and this time
they concede the corner kick Chicago
Michael Bradley will take this corner
from the right side this will be an
upswing off the right boot to the
penalty spot
there's height when it tries one goal
and he's headed away before Johnson had
to make the stop then a collision in the
18 yard box involving Warner
and it's a free-kick coming up as Quincy
America was knocked down well-placed
ball from Bradley and Nick Eglin finds
the space to turn on that doesn't get
all of it straight ahead now looks
inside michael pratt nice cuts in space
passes off dominic oh girl corner of the
6th sends it across but it's cleared by
the fire just off the line level palmer
was there being cleared
Dominic Adira needs to take a better
touch there when he set up so well there
for Michael Bradley
third corner of the match for Toronto
Bradley from the far side chat services
at the header goes wide of goal long
Jill Berto had a yawning cage at the
last moment as Johnson misjudged that
corner just as we say that he has cut
out his mistakes very similar to a play
we saw a couple of years ago if you
remember in the Olympic qualifying when
Canada scored it was the Neil Henry from
the corner kick who put one behind Shawn
Johnson who was out of position
foul on the toronto centre midfielder
and Watson
curl in Earnshaw ties the game 70th
minute and Robert Earnshaw just moments
coming into this match as a substitute
in the second half levels it back in MLS
you don't want to say it was imminent
but it's certainly not a surprise
Toronto sitting back beloved Chicago to
play it's a tip ball in here this board
puts it onto the left foot and the two
substitutes combined Earnshaw left alone
and he does what he does best coaches
inside the six yard box glancing at home
sweet returned from Robert Earnshaw a
BMO Field and probably just about what
the visitors deserve here on the run to
play in the second half CFC have used
all their substitutions Sousa Shock
watches the oh Henry steps up superb
times in the first
seventy-nine
and his first home goal here at fimo
brings the crowd to its feet
it's a gritty blocks of the Neil Henry
inside his own box and Lupo who's just
come on that's the perfect pass into the
package over to around Shawn Johnson and
Farley side foots into the open net
Toronto with their only real chance here
in the second half we took the
taking the lead in the 79th minute just
moments ago free-kick
I think everybody's in the wall aren't
they at the 18 Michael Bradley just up
over the bar they see Merrick law has
had his moments where he's dangerous
Jonathan of Surrey with his hands on his
head can't believe it and meanwhile
Chicago player down in Lavelle Palmer
that sprung that play in the first place
Jonathan essaouira is playing with such
confidence here as a clash of heads
between Palmer and battler interests
leads to this chance for Jonathan
necessary who cuts it back nicely on
summary and then the recovering block
they're playing in the 90th minute
looking to make the substitution as
Palmer takes it down the right side
Palmer gets the cross into the area
Earnshaw Choi's a bicycle kick there
cause there's a rocket to the top of the
net by Guess Who quick see America again
two former Toronto FC players score for
Chicago and we are level up to a peace
and full credit to Lavelle Palmer who
hasn't stopped getting down that right
flank mark moon does a pretty good job
of staying close to bomber
creates the opening here as he cuts it
back onto the left foot and just chips
it across Earnshaw tries the overhead
and Jackson just leaves enough space for
quincy america to fire at high and short
side on joe bending goalkeeper with no
chance from that distance
well played though from Lavelle palmer
and an excellent finish now the cross
into the box Robert Earnshaw trying to
back up on it now Michael Brown they the
referee says that's enough
there wasn't much play in that at a time
of three minutes it was a lot of
conversation